Add FreeRTOS Labs project notice to SECURITY.md (#85)
FreeRTOS/Lab-Project-FreeRTOS-FAT: .github/SECURITY.md

## FreeRTOS Labs project

> This repository is a **FreeRTOS Labs** project. As described on the
> [FreeRTOS Labs introduction page](https://www.freertos.org/Documentation/03-Libraries/05-FreeRTOS-labs/01-Introduction),
> Labs projects are functional but may be incomplete, experimental, or provided primarily for
> open-source community interest. They are **not** part of the actively maintained, released
> FreeRTOS libraries. Please consider the limitations described on the Labs page before
> concluding that an observed behavior is a security vulnerability.

Reviewer: I'd prefer encouraging healthy testing and validation practices rather than discouraging reports

```suggestion
This repository is a **FreeRTOS Labs** project. As described on the
[FreeRTOS Labs introduction page](https://www.freertos.org/Documentation/03-Libraries/05-FreeRTOS-labs/01-Introduction),
Labs projects are functional but may be incomplete, experimental, or provided primarily for
open-source community interest. They are **not** part of the actively maintained, released
FreeRTOS libraries.

As our customer, any applications you integrate this lab project into should be thoroughly tested, secured, and optimized according to your business's security standards & policies before deploying to production or handling production workloads.
```
